Notes with Code Challenge
-----------------------------
Code quality linted using ESlint based on AirBnb's style guide, and Prettier's style guide.

Upgraded React and React-Dom packages to latest versions.

Restructured folder structure into Components, Styles, and Tests folders.

All components that accept props are validated using prop-types package.

This was my first time working with React Hooks to manage state. I ended up really
liking them! Though not demonstrated in this project, I am familiar with the older
syntaxes for managing component states.

I'm aware it is bad practice to use array indexes as react keys when mapping through data.
I did this only to save a little time, as to not generate a unique ID for each record.
Given there is no array manipulation necessary in the project, this should not cause problems.

A few of the records in the dataset are missing the 'location' property that contain the coordinates.
I used this data to map the points on the google map, so records without this property will not be pinned
on the map.

My google maps api key is posted in plain text. It's usually better to store API keys in an environment variable,
but I figured it was safe enough for this project.


Preferences Notes
----------------------------
I generally prefer async/await syntax to promise chains. Changed the api call to use async/await.

There are multiple ways to go about styling with Material-UI. Their preferred method is to use css-in-js.
I went with vanilla css for this project, as I didn't need any of the features given with css-in-js.


Bugs
-----------------------------
Fixed small console error involving the size of the favicon.

I'm using a free api key for the google maps functionality. You may get a warning saying
"This page can't load google maps correctly". This is just because I'm limited to 1 map request
per day (seriously 1 api call google? hahaha). Just exit the warning and the map should function
as intended, but will have a darker tint on top.
